BUG: fix an error message in io.votable.TableElement.parse (#15956)
astropy/astropy: docs/changes/table/15956.bugfix.rst

> Fix an incorrect error message in ``io.votable.TableElement.parse``.

Reviewer: We don't usually record error message updates in the change log, but in this case the old error message was wrong, so an entry might not be a bad idea after all. However, if there is an entry then it should be detailed enough that a user reading it would understand under what circumstances the erroneous message appeared what was wrong about it.

> BUG: fix an incorrect error message in ``io.votable.TableElement.parse``.

Reviewer 2: This fragment is already in the "bug fix" section.
```suggestion
Fixed an incorrect error message in ``io.votable.TableElement.parse``.
```

Reviewer: We usually don't record changes to error messages in the change log, but in this case the old message was actually wrong, so we might want to mention it after all. However, if there is a change log entry then I would expect it to describe what was wrong about the error message and under which circumstances the error in question was encountered.
